affordable personal computers, he launched one of the largest industries of the past decades while still in his early twenties.
He remains one of the most inventive and energetic minds in American technology.
Early life
 
 Steven Jobs was born February 24, 1955, in San Francisco, California, and was adopted by Paul and Clara Jobs.
He grew up with one sister, Patty.
Paul Jobs was a machinist and fixed cars as a hobby.
Jobs remembers his father as being very skilled at working with his hands.
He spent a lot of time working in the garage workshop of a neighbor who worked at Hewlett-Packard, an electronics manufacturer.
At that time almost all computers were mainframes.
The company's sales grew to $200 million within three years.
Personal computers began an entirely new way of processing information.
The product was very user-friendly, and had a fast processing speed, excellent graphics displays, and an outstanding sound system.
Despite the warm reception, however, the NeXT machine never caught on.
It was too costly, had a black-and-white screen, and could not be linked to other computers or run common software.
Toy Story
 
 NeXT was not, however, the end of Steve Jobs.
In 1986 Jobs purchased a small company called Pixar from filmmaker George Lucas (1944–).
Monsters, Inc. had the largest opening weekend ticket sales of any animated film in history.
The two companies, according to the New York Times, "agreed to cooperate on several sales and technology fronts." Over the next six years Apple introduced several new products and marketing strategies.
And it's worth putting in years of your life to make it come into existence." Jobs has worked hard to translate his ideas into exciting and innovative products for businesses and consumers.
He was instrumental in launching the age of the personal computer.
Steve Jobs is truly a computer industry visionary.

Read more: Steve Jobs Biography - life, family, story, history, school, young, information, born, college, house, time, year http://www.notablebiographies.com/Ho-Jo/Jobs-Steve.html#ixzz1pJEZs9th
